welcome to the men of recaps Survivor
season 40 is bringing back 20 previous
winners who were all these people you
probably forgot most of them so here's
the quick refresher you need to be ready
for winners at war the first returning
winner is Ethan from way back in season
3 survivor Africa watching that was
crazy it was tough back then the modern
survivor seasons in Fiji are relaxing
vacations comparatively Ethan's just a
really good dude he used his winnings to
start a youth soccer charity and has
later battled and survived cancer he
made a close alliance with Lex who was
the master strategist writing most of
the game but that made him the biggest
threat so near the end he was voted out
putting Ethan into the final two and
because everyone generally liked him the
jury voted him sole survivor next up is
Sandra the only person to ever win twice
Sandra's greatest strength is probably
her ability to read social situations
she always knows what's up in Pearl
Islands she flew under the radar always
making sure to be on the right side of
the votes she made it to the final two
against Lilian who theoretically had a
great story coming back from exile
Island but no one liked her so Sandra
won in a landslide next up his amber
winner of season 8 Allstars
this was the first season where they
brought back all returning players and
the biggest story is the romance between
amber and Boston Rob these two formed an
alliance day one that quickly turned
into a crush which quickly turned into a
real romance culminating when Rob
proposed at the live finale even though
being a showmance put a target on both
of their backs against all odds amber
and Rob managed to get to the final two
but the jury was mad at Rob for
basically voting them all out so they
awarded the win to Amber she and Robert
on separate tribes this time and she's
ready to prove that she earned her
victory next up is Dany of Survivor
Guatemala she was in the minority
alliance going into the merge but at a
survivor auction something they haven't
had in a long time she bought an
advantage for the next immunity
challenge which she won after that she
played well on her way to the final two
against returning player Stephanie
Stephanie was in control for most of the
game and so the Jerry saw her as the bad
guy that voted them out awarded the win
to Danny
next is you'll the winner of season 13
where they divided into four tribes
based on race bold moves CBS but it
actually made for a really cool
interesting season you'll zan
all around champion physically fit very
smart guy and super charismatic after
tribe swaps and mutinies he ended up on
a four person tribe that seemed to be on
the outs but one of the four was Ozzy
one of the biggest challenge threats in
Survivor history between Ozzy and Yul
those four won every challenge after
that you'll came to the final two
against Ozzy one of the biggest fan
favorites ever it was a very close vote
but in the end the jury respected Yul
strategy more than Ozzy's challenge
dominance and gave him the win next up
is Parvati another survivor legend she
came back to win season 16 fans vs.
favorites she uses her good looks charm
and flirtatious nature to manipulate
people Parvati dominated the game with
her woman's alliance by the time the
boys realized what was happening it was
too late there was only one left in one
of the most famously dumb moves in
Survivor history Erik won immunity but
the girls convinced him to give it to
one of them and immediately voted him
out
Parvati came back again for heroes vs.
villains and made it to the final three
but it was actually Sandra who got her
second wins she joined the good villains
alliance with Boston Rob who she was
just back on with as a mentor in Island
of the idols but the bad villains
Alliance of Russell and Parvati took
over voted all of them out Sandra was
the last woman standing so at the end
she was sitting next to Russell maybe
the biggest villain ever and Parvati who
no one wanted to win so they gave it to
Sandra and against all odds a previous
winner won again in season 22 Redemption
Island
Boston Rob finally won Redemption Island
brought back Rob and Russell the two
opposing leaders of the villains tribe
Russell got the best of Rob last season
but this time his tribe knew not to
trust him at all and voted him out Rob
meanwhile super likable everyone knows
he's amazing at the game and wanted to
be in his Alliance in the end everything
worked out exactly as he planned he went
to the final three with a really
likeable dude and a girl who hadn't done
much except follow Rob's orders so in a
landslide vote Boston Rob finally got a
win sophie was the winner of season 23
South Pacific this season seemed like
Ozzy's to win Redemption Island wasn't
play where if you're voted out you go
there and do a challenge against the
next person voted to stay Ozzy being a
challenge master won every single
challenge living by himself on
Redemption Island for a long time until
finally making it back in for the final
four sophie meanwhile is a real smart
girl a med student who flew under the
radar in the final immunity challenge
Ozzy was ahead in the physical stuff but
at the puzzles she pulled ahead and beat
him next is Kim from season 24 one world
that's the one where they split the
tribes men versus women but had them
live at the same camp Kim was a dominant
force this season she's generally really
likable good at strategy and won four of
the last five immunity challenges where
the jury's like yeah here the winner
Denise the sex therapist won season 25
the Philippines the big story this
season is how Denise's tribe lost every
single challenge at the beginning being
physically strong and really friendly
she was able to not get voted out and
make it to the merge as the first
Survivor player to go to every single
Tribal Council being in danger week
after week yet somehow making it to the
end the jury gave her the win winner of
season 27 the first blood versus water
was Tyson in heroes vs. villains he
famously got himself voted out with a
boneheaded move in blood versus water
though his strategy was a lot better
his girlfriend was voted off the other
tribe very early on leaving him without
an ally after the merge but he did a
great job putting together an alliance
of other single people so between that
winning challenges and finding idols the
jury gave him the win next up is Tony he
won season 28 which was brain versus
brawn versus beauty and Tony's legendary
because this dude played hard probably
his most famous antique is his spy Shack
the water well is where people meet up
and talk strategy away from prying ears
so Tony took a bunch of branches and
stuff and built a little spy Shack right
next to it where he would listen in on
everything when it came down to the end
Tony was clearly the biggest threat to
win but he was a master of finding
hidden immunity idols
in the Final Four Tony was finally
vulnerable but pulled out an excellent
trick he had kept an idol from before
that was expired but nobody else knew
that so he proudly wore it around his
neck at tribal council no one bothered
to vote for him next is Natalie from
season 29 the second blood versus water
but on the other tribe her sister was
the first person voted out forcing
Natalie to really bring
notably she made it to the end without a
vote ever being cast for her she had a
tight alliance with Jeremy who came back
to win season 31 second chances Jeremy's
a Boston firefighter really fit guy and
extremely likable they did a ton of
tribe swaps this season so instead of
permanent alliances there was a lot of
talk of voting blocs in the final four
his biggest competitor was Kelly
Wentworth another great survivor player
she had a great story of being on the
bottom the whole time and fighting her
away here but in the end he won the
final immunity challenge sending her
home and winning with a unanimous vote
season 32 was won by Michelle it was
another brain versus brawn versus beauty
and Michelle is Beauty the beauty tribe
did great actually Michelle never went
to tribal council before the merge
she crucially won the final immunity
challenge when she needed to which also
came with a crazy advantage to vote out
one of the jury in the end Michelle sat
with Aubry and Ty who would both come
back and become well known survivor
players but at the time the jury
respected Michelle's game more than
either of theirs and gave her the win
season 33 was the famous Millennials
verse Gen X and a millennial took the
win
Adam Adams a really nice guy his
strength is his heart
in fact Adams big story this season was
his mother who was very sick with cancer
the season was largely dominated by
David the neurotic screenwriter who came
back for edge of extinction in the Final
Four though Adam was able to get David
voted out so in the final Tribal Council
the jury voted for Adam unanimously
season 34 was game changers bringing
back some of the best players survivors
ever seen and the one who rose to win
was Sarah she played originally in Tony
season on the Brawn tribe and they
actually bonded cuz she's also a cop she
had a great strategy this season of
playing both sides being a big swing
vote between alliances near the end
another player told Sarah about a legacy
advantage she have then to gain trust
she said if I get voted out I'll will it
to you but Sarah immediately voted her
out while making it seem like she wasn't
in on it so thinking Sarah was her best
ally left in the game she willed her the
legacy advantage and that helped her get
to the final three
next is Ben from season 35 heroes versus
healers verse hustlers a member of the
heroes tribe Ben's an ex-marine and a
real good guy towards the end he was
clearly the biggest threat and everyone
wanted him out
but he kept finding immunity idols
playing three in a row
in fact after one tribal council he
immediately started looking for another
one staying up the whole night
till he found it in the final immunity
challenge she was this close to winning
but the you was upside down with no
idols left in the game it seemed a sure
thing he was going home but this was the
first season with the final four
fire-making challenge they couldn't vote
him out outright he got to make fire and
wine
then there's Wendell from Season 36
ghost island Wendell's a huge physical
threat plus a real friendly likeable guy
he teamed up early with Dominic and
these two ran the game for most of the
season because DOM and Wendell's
gameplay was so closely linked the jury
was split on who to vote for leading to
the first ever survivor tie turns out in
case of a tie the third member of the
final three casts the final vote and it
was Laurel who was much closer to
Wendell than Dom so she gave him the win
and last is Nick from Season 37 David vs
Goliath
they had a Goliath tribe of real winners
and a David tribe of underdogs Nick was
a david being a poor kentucky boy who
worked his way to become a lawyer nick
is extremely friendly he made two-person
alliances with almost everyone and gave
them all cool names he's not a huge
physical threat but he won immunity when
he needed to and found some key idols so
Nick won survivor so there they are the
twenty returning winners for survivors
epic season 40 winners at war it's going
to be awesome and I'm doing weekly recap
videos so make sure you hit that
subscribe button and join in the fun who
do you thinks gonna win tell me your
predictions down in the comments I've
got a few favorites but in Survivor
anything can happen